---
title: Lesson 3
layout: post
author: soham.deshpande
permalink: /lesson-3/
source-id: 1Cp4SW7BxwpIzDl7n-9JPXGU57zCC2UsGfbdjH47ieOo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Lesson 3</td>
    <td>        </td>
    <td>6/2/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Using Fusebox and coding</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Understand true or false</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I managed to reach my target</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week we devised a method to consolidate our knowledge and also learn new things. What we did is that the first half of the lesson we learnt something new and then the second half we created a new project and tried to make a guess my number game with animation.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week, we had a few problems throughout the way. One of our problems was the monitor. When we were trying to save our work, the monitor froze and then the programming application had crashed. This wiped out all the code we were working on so we took out last week's code and started again. This taught us that a monitor is not human so it is unpredictable and we need to take that risk into account for next time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will remember to save my work more often so I do not lose huge amounts of work. Along with that, I also need to remember to use the method for next week to make sure we are confident for when it is time to code our robot arms. Next time I will persevere more and not give up.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


