---
title: Week 5
layout: post
author: soham.deshpande
permalink: /week-5/
source-id: 1G1vPf9sl38PU2tHQHZlmaIJj8vTA_UapOQ4n3qyBUoU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Lesson 5
</td>
    <td>        </td>
    <td>28/2/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Using a breadboard</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Correctly set up a circuit on a breadboard</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I managed to reach my target</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
We started at a point where we had the code but our circuit did not work. This lesson was devoted to getting our circuit to respond. One of the man things that helped us was perseverance. When doing the circuit, the LED would never light up. It came to points where others who were behind us lit there's up but we were still struggling. We looked at other people's code but it did not work. In the last 5 minutes, we made it work. We found out that the LEDs had to be set up differently to how it was shown in the picture
.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
This week, we had a few problems throughout the way. When setting up the circuit, our monitor started to restart around 5 times. Every time we connected the circuit, the monitor started to restart also wiping out the code we put in. By the 5th time, we realised that both our cables were connected to voltage pints so we were putting in 8 volts which made the monitor restart repeatedly.

</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
Next time I will try and go more slowly. Throughout the  weeks, I have been going through the code quite quickly. As I reaching near to the robot arm code, I think that I should go a bit slower as the last parts are very important.
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


      

