---
title: Week 4
layout: post
author: soham.deshpande
permalink: /week-4/
source-id: 14TVgEskEae05iznsTzHlmvf8GvvZObwtq75jJH2ElRA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>Lesson 4</td>
    <td>        </td>
    <td>22/2/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Using 1 and 0 to create an action</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Understand true or false</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I managed to reach my target</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We started looking at the basis for our robot arm and then swiftly moved onto using the bread board on the fuze box to create signals which made the LED light turn off and on.
There were some pictures which we could've copied from but then they were in the wrong order so we used the code to understand what is meant to happen and then experimented with the different pictures to find the right one.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week, we had a few problems throughout the way. When we were using the electronics, all the pictures were in the wrong order so it was crucial that we understood the code so we could match up the pictures. Another problem was that after setting up the LED circuit correctly, it would not work. We tried different wires and resistors but it still did not work. Next week I am going to try and create a circuit of my own to test my knowledge.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to experiment and think more logically on how the circuit works so I can figure out what could be going wrong. This will enable me to do better whilst coding the robot as I would know how to set it up and what code will fit best with what action the robot arm will be doing.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


