---
title: Lesson 2
layout: post
author: soham.deshpande
permalink: /lesson-2/
source-id: 1AVaUghLVQVzVcwkiGKD8RDkbPp0_pomAWDQoN026AAo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>23.1.17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Experimenting with the Fuze Box</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Understand Binary and String</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I did reach the target for the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we used the manual to create an animation which required using binary. This animation was made by first drawing it. We had to know the boxes which we wanted to show and the ones we did not. After that we used the binary knowledge to figure out the digits which would represent the boxes. For this case, we used a manual but to make sure we understood it, we tried to.  Create something else this did not end well but we learnt that we calculated the boxes wrong.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sometimes while coding, I did not think through the code logically so I made phrases like ' If … does happen then do …' I need to make sure that I use the right language as I could be coding in python when I am supposed to be doing it in JavaScript.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will keep closer to the manual to make sure I am doing the right thing. With my partner, next week we will try to make a completely new piece by using what we have learnt so far. This will help as when it is time to program the robot arm, we will be used to doing things without a manual. This will make it more versatile.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


