---
title: International Sales
layout: post
author: soham.deshpande
permalink: /i.t-blog-6/
source-id: 1b8S60GO-ezMwFGfki27byzRx-y-fEFPjsREAa1TXwMo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>International Sales</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>This week I worked on adding a more direct table of what my expenses and profits were. I started by adding a new sheet which was linked to my checkout. This was better as I knew what my real profits were and not just projections. I compared the projections and real profits using conditionals so I know how much I need to sell of something. After that I added a new table which calculated all the costs  for the employee's, rent and utilities. This was taken of the money I got to get the profits. I also added a separate realistic projection column for each month. From that I got the idea of opening shops in other countries. With this I made a separate sheet for dollar, euro, pound and UAE. Each of them had different prices according to the exchange value. I wanted to work out the profits for each of the countries so I duplicated my original sheet and then multiplied everything by what £1 pound was worth thanks to google finance. These figures changed by a little bit every 5 minutes as it was linked to live values. I had the problems of working out my profit from each country so I searched up on google how to link different sheets together. Using the links from each sheet I linked it to my original sheet where each value was divided by exchange rate. By linking each sheet I was able to charge more for postage on the other sheets. The amount stock bought are slightly different from each other e.g there is more stock of air conditioners for the UAE website than there is for the GB website. This helped me get a larger profit. I also looked at a real website and saw that there are adverts. With what I had designed in my Graphics lesson I decided to take the image and insert it to make the sheet look more like an actual website.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<iframe height="600px" width="1050px" src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vQofjpPEv6ZenUEA_jJ_UNJ0jvjU3-Flugx_2Tp3sRN3XoIgvdEQwx2ASRxQ2ZK1Qe5iBv75EutaW_i/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false"></iframe>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week I want to add a reset button on my sheet.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


