---
title: Full Production
layout: post
author: soham.deshpande
permalink: /i.t-blog-5/
source-id: 1U8RT91pmeVAEo83T3OVo19xnrIgXAkaIpkEPlhvQNts
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Full Production</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>We started by going to the front of the classroom and observing Mr Tansley's virtual shop. He showed us what we were aiming for and what the standard should be. In his shop he had multiple sheets with each one showing something different. He told us about how different sheets could be used to make a better customer interface. He also told us that we should have a sheet where the income is calculated and all the costs and profits are collected. After this we went back and I worked on having multiple sheets. I moved all the costs and profit margins on a separate sheet. On that I made a table for how much it cost to get the item delivered and how much stock I bought. I also added a column where how profit I made was deducted by the cost of the stock. The table was there to help me work out how much profit I was making and how much stock I should buy of each. With this it would help me order the stock that sells the most and buy less stock of the items that do not sell as much. At the start Mr.Tansley had told us that we could use a conditional so if something was true it would show a certain colour. I used this so if I did not make enough profit it would show red and if it was good then it would show green. I also made another sheet for shipping. In this sheet it added a price for shipping and the customer is meant to add their home address and their email. The last sheet I made was to show the final payment. This is where they enter their credit card details.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week I want to add a reset on the checkout when someone finishes shopping.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


