---
title: Spreading Sheets on Github
layout: post
author: soham.deshpande
permalink: /i.t-blog-3/
source-id: 19rFT3zrp476H4GtTBkfmbIuQD_Mw6RoKIdNaw0kN9uo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Spreading Sheets on Github</td>
    <td>8.1.18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>This week was more of a reviewing then excelling lesson. We had to go over our github pages and correct the mistakes and faults on our github page. My github page was working but I made changes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mr Tansley showed us his website and went over the key aspects.He mentioned that our title should draw the reader in. So far my titles were very plain with what lesson it what and the date. For last week I edited the title and made it 'Winter sale starts now'. That title was way more appealing and is something that draws people in in shopping centres. From previous knowledge I also remembered how contrasting colours are more attractive. With this I wanted to add a red shadow around my table. I went to W3 schools where I found how to put a box shadow. Using this I customized the shadow to make it more blurry and more red. 
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The last thing Mr Tansley us was how to insert a spreadsheet in your blog. This included going into Github and clicking on posts. From there you could edit it and insert a link that you would get in Google Sheets. I wanted to change the size on my website so that it all lines up so I decreased the size of the sheet by adding height and the amount of pixels I wanted in height and width. I soon realised that the sheet looked too small on the page and I wanted to make it look better. To do this I had to change the container size in config.yml. I had to use trial and error to get the right size which will suit desktop users and to align the sheets with the container. I had to use trial and error on the sheets because it appeared to big when I set the width to the same as the container.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week I want to get on to adding voucher codes on my virtual shop</td>
  </tr>
</table>


